README.md, before:

## Documentation

Quantum Synergy Solutions is a visionary IT company focused on software development and innovation. As a preferred partner for numerous global enterprises, SMEs, and technology disruptors, the company specializes in enhancing business value through custom software development, product design, quality assurance, expert consultancy, and cutting-edge graphic design services

The project outlineds the IT procedures and standards necessary for operation QS.

- [**Network Diagram**](diagram.drawio.png)
- [**Inventory**](INVENTORY.MD)

## Contributing

When contributing, please follow the design theme of the "Network" section of shapes in drawio and refrain from adding icons from other sources to maintain overall diagram consistency.

When adding devices, specify the IP address. In cases where DHCP is used, the host address should be left as x, as in **10.0.3.x**

While the diagram may keep tally of the total number of devices, per device inventory is tracked within [**INVENTORY.MD**](INVENTORY.MD). Please be sure to reflect any changes you've made in the diagram in this document as well

Commit message:

Add maintenance section in README.md

README.md, after:

## Documentation

Quantum Synergy Solutions is a visionary IT company focused on software development and innovation. As a preferred partner for numerous global enterprises, SMEs, and technology disruptors, the company specializes in enhancing business value through custom software development, product design, quality assurance, expert consultancy, and cutting-edge graphic design services

The project outlineds the IT procedures and standards necessary for operation QS.

- [**Network Diagram**](diagram.drawio.png)
- [**Inventory**](INVENTORY.MD)

## Maintenance

Network maintenance and security audits are done bi-anually by the end of the month, with offsite backups also included in the scope of the audit. This is currently done on the 31st of January and December

## Contributing

When contributing, please follow the design theme of the "Network" section of shapes in drawio and refrain from adding icons from other sources to maintain overall diagram consistency.

When adding devices, specify the IP address. In cases where DHCP is used, the host address should be left as x, as in **10.0.3.x**

While the diagram may keep tally of the total number of devices, per device inventory is tracked within [**INVENTORY.MD**](INVENTORY.MD). Please be sure to reflect any changes you've made in the diagram in this document as well
